---
title: Gregson Fund Raising
date: "2012-05-13T12:00:00.000Z"
---

# The Gig
How do there, on my home on the train, Contemplating how tired I am and what a
success last night was. As I’m on the iPad there won’t be any pictures as
they’re just too complicated to fathom. Here is a quick run down though…

Quay Change started is off with the wonderful Jane Dodson on the voclette. Fred
Binley charmed the crowds and rapturous applause ended each number which was to
become a theme of the evening. Next The Duo brought in their folk meets Floyd
set. Superbly executed jigs flowing into high quality Pink Floyd acoustic
replicas. The night met with its harder edge thanks to Mitford Rebel who went
down a storm. They brought all original material to the table with pro
execution, and so kindly gave their CDs away for a small extra contribution to
the evening. Paul Rhodes came next brandishing a new guitar and material I had
not yet heard – however he still pulled Strawberry Fields out of the bag. Glad
Paul took my offer to play and pulled off the penultimate slot of the night. So
here we are at the final section of the gig, a totally selfish move if I may say
so, Simply Fred everyone. Fred, Nick and Ian combined with myself and Jane
played like our last gig was only yesterday. Great to see everyone up and
dancing for us, it was such a great end.

In the end we raised £251. Super special thanks to those people who donated a
little extra, I think I know who you are – ye get a smile from me.

# 2 Weeks To Go
So now it’s close. I mean really close. Just one more weekend of training, two
more weeks of gym/yoga/after-work-cycling to go! Bike service Tuesday, and I get
my second pro bike fitting on Wednesday to make sure those all important cleats
are in the right place.

Considering a visit to Box Hill this weekend to give the Olympic hill climb a
going over and perhaps another city tour…

So yeah, thanks for coming to the gig if you were there, if you’re looking for
that donation link try this (this link may not be correct but I’ll test it when
I get home!)

Once again please follow my Facebook page in order to keep track of my progress
on the actual event.

Bye!!!