---
title: Training 2 and London Life 2… 3?
date: "2012-04-03T12:00:00.000Z"
---

# Evening all…
I’d best kick off with a round up of the sponsorship progress.

The most glorious of thanks goes out to **Grandad, Dad, The Wilkinsons (Paul,
Anabela and Carlota), Meriel and David, Uncle Colin and Auntie Eileen, Maisie,
Sandra Thornberry, Frederick Binley, Dave Hipkin, Trevor Seymour, Harry Dog,
Ritchie Emery and Alison (for a futon?).**

Also there are many more who have made their donations through the sweepstake I
have been running at work with the help of Joe Hyames. It has been a complete
success and therefore looks like I’ll have to run another one to get the top
floor involved. Thanks to everyone who is taking part – if you wish to bribe me
with cash please let me know.

Wanna be involved like?
If you’re in Lancaster and fancy winning money in the name of charity (and by
all means do **keep** your winnings) I am trying to get an identical raffle 
started at a certain pub where what I once worked at. Rules are as follows.

* Cash prize = 20% takings
* £5 per ticket
* Randomly allotted time slot
* `if(myTime >= yourLowerTimeBraket && myTime <= yourUpperTimeBraket) Win(you)`
* Ace

#Giggidy

And what would fund raising be without a stomping great gig at your favourite
function room east of the Lancaster Canal? Yeah that’s right I’m in the midst of
organising a right good get together of some top Lancaster folk who really know
how to get you on your feet. Be there or have four sides of equal length.

**WHAT** – Fund raising gig, music, dancing, food, everyone you know, very good times.

**WHERE** – The Gregson Centre, Moor Lane, Lancaster.

**WHEN** – 12th May, 2012. Doors TBC (expect 8pm though)

**WHY** – For charity like…

**HOW** – Much? I feel a minimum donation of £5 shouldn’t be too unreasonable
for a guaranteed floor shaker. **ALL** proceeds will be going directly to
charity. **ALSO** it is my full intention to finish around eleven thirty so
those who like to get a pint in at their usual holes can do so with great ease.

# Training and Stuff…

Same old really, same old.

Done a smooth 80 miles this weekend. 30 miles yesterday (Sat) and 50 miles 
today. Check out the GPS links:

http://connect.garmin.com/activity/152831863 – SAT, 30 miles

http://connect.garmin.com/activity/152831785 – SUN, 50 miles

Also this weekend made some investments on the bike. Got some of those clippy in
pedals, nice pair of cleated cycling trainers (ones which don’t prevent you from
walking all odd), some fingerless summer gloves, and a incredibly cool Brixton
Cycles cycling jacket. So the riding was slightly hampered by having to make
adjustments here and there to saddle and cleats – but think I have it just right
now. Incidentally the new gear seems to require a slightly different muscle set,
such that today and yesterday felt incredibly hard going. However when I look
back, it seems I am much, much quicker!

# London

I’ve been up to some stuff. I am a bit to tired right now to really delve into
my memory, so I’m just going to run over some of the highlights in my calendar
for you.

Starting from Christmas, don’t wanna hear about old shit
[right?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umDr0mPuyQc)

# The Shows

[Slava Snow Show](http://www.slavasnowshow.co.uk/): A real odd one. But I really
enjoyed it. Strange kind of clowning around, with people in bonkers outfits
doing things which I can only describe as random. The real highlight was the
end, shortly after being blown in the face with confetti, bright white light and
loud music, about 10 HUGE helium filled balloons were passed out to the
audience. A real spectacle of a show, if not completely brain splittingly
mental. I approve!

[Cirque Du Soleil](http://www.cirquedusoleil.com/en/shows/totem/default.aspx): 
Despite being seated just past the north circular, the Totem show at the Albert
Hall was quite stunning. Bit random at times (I said it again!), but
entertaining still. Not much to say really, we all know what Cirque is, Google
it!

[These Things Happen](http://www.thecourtyard.org.uk/whatson/233/these-things-happen):
Very entertaining show, written by an unheard of writer, with an ambitious score
and orchestra for the size of the performance. Look out for the chaps name
though. He’s clearly a clever chap. It was an opera about the love lives of four
couples, most appealing for its striking similarity to real life.

[Stomp](http://www.stomplondon.com/): You just have to go and see them if you
haven’t. Its a shame you have kinda seen it once you’ve seen – y’know… But it is
a real winner with kids, they bloody loved it!

[The Houdini Experience](http://www.sadlerswells.com/show/Hans-Klok-The-Houdini-Experience):
Full on entertainment brought on by many ladies climbing out of a infinitely
spacious box. Plus the old getting sliced up in a box, swords pushed through
boxes, escaping from a straight jacket whilst hanging upside down, the light
bulb trick (I think I got that one figured out) and the perhaps even more
impressive slack-tight-rope walker and uni-cycling-on-his-head, and a few other
shows of incredible strength. So much entertainment for my eyes, and Jane’s.

# The Other Bits
Highgate Cemetery (very interesting, recommended), visiting the one and only Joe
Lobley in his native village of Bethnal Green where we were shown around some of
his lands highlights (including a working farm), The Niteflights gig (with
school friend Adam Hartley plucking the fender), The Feud and The Borderline
(which turned out into an actual night out) and finally my brilliant sister Katy
visited us Friday night (so we went for a beer and a laugh, ha).

Just a note, my calendar informs me it is St David’s Day in a few days too. WELL
WADDAYA KNOW!

Cor blimey right, I’ll let you go. Surely you have something to do by now like
getting stuck going round Wikipedia. Some links below. Sorry it was a bit
picture-less Bye bye.

I still need donations! http://www.action.org.uk/sponsor/matthewcanty

There is a Facebook page for it!
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Matt-Cantys-End-2-End-Cycling-Challenge/108835625903281

I am on Twitter! https://twitter.com/#!/mattcanty

Click random! http://www.wimp.com/

**FIN**