---
title: One Year In
date: "2012-08-01T12:00:00.000Z"
---

It is a year to the day since I move to London. And I can say with some
confidence its been good – if not better… If not better still.

# Recap

August and September I went to interviews, eventually sealing a job as a
Software Developer. Visited the Edinburgh Fringe Festival and explored London
almost entirely – as I could! Also went to Ibiza with Jane. October till
Christmas I got used to the work and passed through the probation well. Ended
the year in Lancaster with everyone back home – anyone who was there will
remember the rendition of Fairytale of New York in the Golden Lion AM I RIGHT? I
also signed up for the Land’s End to John O’Groats ride in this time. January
through till May was all about training for the big ride. That’s what most of
this blog has been about really. May, June & July included the massive ride and
then a step into a comparative lull in the year – getting back on it tomorrow
though, read on!

# Coursera

I’m heading back towards some education now, albeit soft-core compared to a
degree and the sort. It’s a 10 week course in Machine Learning from Stanford
University starting on 20th August. I can expect a certificate which may or may
not be CV worthy but either way I should be able to take something from it
myself.

I think I’ll try to use this blog as a way of aiding my learning on this course.
So sorry if you get bored reading about what I’m doing. I will try to make it
interesting and fun to read which might actually help me in the end.

# Cycling

What, you thought I’d finished?

Getting back on the bike. Signed up to volunteer for Action and therefore I will
be helping out on the London to Brighton ride in September. I will then take
part, as well as riding the Surrey 100 the weekend before. Training will start
tomorrow, determined to get some extra speed and I’ve been reading up on how to
do so.

Not sure what to aim for though? Average speed over given miles or under a time
for the whole day including breaks… Probably the latter, so will have to do some
maths and work out what a reasonable target is in a month, as without a target I
seem to find it far too easy to sit around being lazy.

# Fin

That’s all for now. I know it appears as if I’ve ceased to be since stepping
from my pedals, but I’m still around. Certainly felt like I was up to a lot more
before the ride! Time to get back on it!