---
title: Howden Jones Video Follow-Up
date: "2011-07-31T12:00:00.000Z"
---

So hey hey hey there. The videos are now finished and it’s probably about time I
should tell all.

Links to all of them on the HowdenJones Youtube channel will be listed at the
bottom. Also embedded in this blog is my favourite of their songs which is
Goodnight Dynamite – probably best represented on the live album Beautiful
Again, if you can get a copy **DO**.

Nota bene: Apologies but the descriptions here are a bit rushed, its 23:23 and
I move to London in the morning!

## DOING THE EDITING BIT

### 1

Downloading and sorting all of the audio and video data. Once everything has
been copied to the hard-drive I think it’s always best to get it all to the
right directories. There is a folder for each song, and in each of those is a
folder for audio, video, editing and exports.

### 2

I use Sony Vegas Pro – and it is GREAT. Frippin eck it’s the bee’s knees and all 
that. No other choice about it. I’ve had it since university and used it on all
video projects.

### 3

Editing it all together. This was quite a simple process, just a matter of
getting in sync. Generally the layers are as follows: Titles, camera audio and
video then the audio from the recording. Kate also had her camera phone which is
used in Lizzie and therefore allows the camera angle to be switched without
having to do any fiddly sync work.

Most of the songs were done once maybe twice, and I would zoom around filming
what I liked the look of. Therefore to achieve angle changes, the video has to
be cut up into samples. For example, I got a loop of Paul playing the same chord
sequence, which can then be used to fill gaps at any point in the song – within
reason of course.

### 4

Rendering was a difficult process, until I found the default did pretty much the
best job. I also find that its best to just let Vegas Pro get on with its
rendering, and don’t bother trying to get any compression going on. My solution
to the vast file sizes – 1GB for 4 minutes… – was to import them to Windows Live
Movie Maker and just do a quick “Save for DVD” which does all the hard work.
Only downside is it gets saved as a WMV, but who really cares.

### 5

There is no 5 step.

—————————–

To save any annoyance, I did quick edit and renders to show them all the songs.
Following this they chose their favourite/ones wanted and I put more time into
those in particular.

The biggest issue was with Lizzie, where there was no audio for the best camera
shot, and no video for the best audio take. So each 3 or 4 seconds I had to do
little nip/tuck syncing, as thy weren’t at exactly the same tempo. Considering
this its not come out too bad!

`youtube: nPbxtNRr5FE`

`youtube: gi3HaGZeeyM`

Thanks for reading.